Update dataminer_services_change_log_2025.md (#4698)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Cloud/dataminer_services_change_log_2025.md

> [!NOTE]
> Many features on dataminer.services are dependent on DxMs. You can find the change logs for these under [DxM release notes](xref:DxM_RNs_index).

### 05 May 2025 - Fix - Usage Export - Selected DMSs not respected during export

> 

Reviewer: remove whiteline

Author: it is to keep it consistent with the rest of the file:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dc34f146-0afe-4560-9eb2-84bf46eee386)

> [!NOTE]
> Many features on dataminer.services are dependent on DxMs. You can find the change logs for these under [DxM release notes](xref:DxM_RNs_index).

### 05 May 2025 - 5 May 2025 - Enhancement - Catalog - Deletion of items by publishing organization [ID 42793]

> Users who are part of the publishing organization are able to delete a catalog item, providing a reason why.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are a member of the organization that published a specific Catalog item, you can now delete that Catalog item. When you do so, you will have to provide the reason for the deletion.
```

To make this more user-friendly, it might also be better if we went into a bit more detail as to how you can delete the item.

> If you are a member of the organization that published a specific Catalog item, you can now delete that Catalog item. When you do so, you will have to provide the reason for the deletion.

Reviewer 2: The only thing I'm still missing now here is how you can delete the item. Will there be a button available for this? And if yes, is this shown by default or do you need to do something to see the button?

Author: it will be in the context menu, the same like when you want to make an item public or private

Reviewer 2: I've now clarified this, updated the page about changing the publishing state, and added a page about how to delete an item. Could you check if everything looks OK to you?

> ### 05 May 2025 - Fix - Usage Export - Selected DMSs not respected during export [ID 42865]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### 05 May 2025 - Fix - Usage Export - Selected DataMiner Systems not respected during export [ID 42865]
```

"DMSs" is not wrong, but it's not the most intuitive word to read, so "DataMiner Systems" is an easier, preferred alternative.

> Previously, export requests in the admin app ignored the DMSs selected by the user and exported all available data instead. This issue has been resolved. Export results are now correctly limited to the selected DMSs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, export requests in the Admin app ignored the DataMiner Systems selected by the user and exported all available data instead. This issue has been resolved. Export results are now correctly limited to the selected DataMiner Systems.
```
